Abbathor is the god of greed in the Dwarven Pantheon. He is also known as Great Master of Greed, Trove Lord, and Wyrm of Avarice.1 He is usually held to be a son of Moradin.2
Originally, he was god of the beauty of gems and minerals, but he fell into a rivalry with his brother Dumathoin over who would be the patron of the mountain dwarves. When Moradin named Dumathoin, Abbathor became twisted with disappointment, vowing that from that point on, whenever he desired something he would take it.2 Not surprisingly, Abbathor has become popular among the Fated.3
Although he is the only evil Power among the Morndinsamman, he is tolerated by the other dwarven gods because he has sided with them whenever a threat appeared from outside.4 Abbathor may be untrustworthy and the embodiment of all dwarven qualities the other gods would rather avoid, but in the end he's still a dwarf, and both they and Abbathor believe in sticking together.5 "Greed is good, but do not sieze wealth from the children of the Morndinsamman," Abbathor teaches, "for strife in the name of avarice weakens the clan."1
Abbathor's Realm in the Gray Waste is known as the Glitterhell. It's a place of great natural beauty, if you like gold and gems.6 The true location of the Glitterhell is unknown, and Abbathor maintains several false locations of his realm to throw off the greedy men and dwarves who are always attempting to steal his gold.7 His holy symbol is a jewelled dagger.10
Abbathor manifests as a very large dwarf, fat and piggy-eyed.8 He wears leather and furs made from those non-dwarves who have opposed him in the past.9 Of all the dwarven deities, he gets along best with Vergadain, with whom he sometimes travels.9
Footnotes
</span>1. Faiths and Pantheons, 115
2. Demihuman Deities, 41
3. On Hallowed Ground, 47
4. Monster Mythology, 31
5. On Hallowed Ground, 78
6. On Hallowed Ground, 79
7. Manual of the Planes, 1st edition, 107</p>
8. Demihuman Deities, 43
9. Unearthed Arcana (1st edition), 111
10. On Hallowed Ground, 78