Ambar was a Half-elf from a very secluded, conservative part of the Outlands called Fayrill. The elven side of his family, the Quybier, exiled his mother for her disruptive behavior. Amber grew up alone with his mother until he met Caye, a Quybier elf maiden. He secretly wooed her, despite the Quybiers' disapproval. When elven troops arrived to bring her home, both Caye and Ambar's mother were killed. 
Accused of kidnapping Caye, Ambar replied, "I accuse you!  I accuse you, murderer of my mother, slayer of my consort and unborn child!  I accuse you of killing my happiness, of defiling my home, and robbing me of my future. Dare you deny me? Dare you demand recompense in the face of that which you owe me?"
The elves had never meant for Caye to die, and were shamed by Ambar so greatly that they gave Ambar a casket filled with gems and begged him to depart forever.  Ambar, with nothing left to lose, took the gems and complied.  Over the next several years, Ambar prospered.  His wood-lore was great, and he invested his fortune in gems wisely.
He searched the Great Ring for a new home, and eventually he found one with the Believers of the Source, whose approach to life seemed to compliment his own.  His mellow, calm, and above all friendly demeanor (he still has everyone call him by his first name) earned him plenty of friends within the Faction, and he seemed to gravitate toward leadership positions within the Believers until he became Factol.  He's extremely popular within his faction (although outside of it, many others find him a bit of a bore) and half of the faction would lay down their lives for him, though Ambar never asks this of anyone.  He values lives more than he does philosophies - a rare trait among the factols.
During the Faction War, he vanished along with all the other factols. His followers have been told he ascended to a higher state of being, but it's all a Peel. He's currently in a Maze, the same one that Factol Darius of the Signers is trapped in. The Githyanki Djek'Nlarr recently saw them both while mapping the maze. If freed, the factols will want to disband the Mind's Eye. The Mind's Eye faction is trying to keep this secret under wraps.
Source: Factol's Manifesto; Faction War; Dragon Magazine #285, page 69