Arborea is the plane where Chaos and Good mix in equal amounts. It is the plane of passion, where emotions of all kinds rise to extremes. It is a plane of myth and heroism, full of stories and epics both comic and tragic. It is a place of liberty and libertines, of those who seek out everything life has to offer, of frenzied Bacchae and altruistic Eladrins. It is wine, song, and psychotropic substances. Most terrain features are guarded by spirits of nature - nymphs, dryads, oreads, asrai, satyrs, and spirits of the land - who demand respect and gifts from those who would trespass their domain.
Arborea has three known layers: 
Olympus, or Arvandor, is a region of mountains, deep primeval forests, and the most fertile farmland in all the planes. Olympus is known in Sigil as the "breadbasket of the planes" for the many foods grown here, more and more flavorful than anywhere else. Both the Olympian and elvish pantheons maintain communal realms here. It's also the place where most eladrins dwell in hidden pocket realms lit by twilight. The Sensates have a palace of eternal beauty and pleasure, the Gilded Hall, on this layer.
Ossa is an infinite ocean dotted with islands, the domain of Deep Sashelas, Poseidon, and other sea gods. The eladrins of this layer are beautiful creatures called novieres; they have aquatic adaptations to help them swim. The sea is every bit as wild as one would expect in a plane of Chaos.
Pelion is an infinite desert filled with sandstorms and snow. Once - long, long, ago - it is said that Pelion was as fertile as Arvandor and Ossa, but some terrible error was made, some plane-scouring war or harmful interpretation of Chaos left nothing but sand-covered ruins. Though many other gods and entire pantheons have abandoned Pelion, the goddess Nephythys, protector of the dead, remains. There are many forgotten things buried beneath the sands, remnants of an empire of titans and secrets of the time before Creation itself. There are eladrins in Pelion too, wild, passionate beings called bralani dancing and fighting their way across the wastes. 

      Sources:&nbsp;
    
            
                    Planes of Chaos        
              
                    Planescape Monstrous Compendium, Volume Two