Ash. Miles upon miles of choking ash - that's what a berk's going to find here. It starts at the edge of the plane of Fire; the flames flicker and die, and from them cooling ashes rise. A little farther on and the air grows thicker, and farther still the burnt earth beneath gives way. At first, the ash swirls in tendrils 'round a being. Then, before he knows it, a berk's swimming in an ocean of ash. The red glow of distant fire fades, warmth turns to chill, and the air is choked with charcoal soot. The plane isn't utterly empty, though. Here the Doomguard have Citadel Cavitius, a massive skull fortress that sat on the edge of the Negative+Energy+Plane. Eons ago it was taken from them by the lich Vecna, and now members of the Doomguard hold it again. The Doomguard have also built anew, fashioning the Crumbling Citadel as well.
Special Physical Conditions. Movement on the plane of Ash varies between normal movement, closer to the plane of Fire, and swimming once the depth of Ash is too great. There's no air, so breathing must be maintained by spell, transforming the ash into something that can be inhaled. Furthermore, the cooling cinders steal all warmth from the body, so unless a basher's protected by spell or device, he'll suffer 2d6 points of cold damage per turn.
Natives and Hazards. Ash+rats, mephits, rasts, and quasielementals call this plane home. This plane is rather hostile to lifeforms, but some snakes and fish have adapted to survive and move through the ash. Xorns have adapted to the heat-draining effects of the plane. These ash xorns are smarter, but weaker than normal xorns (Str -1d4, Int +1d6). Some are rumored to be accomplished wizards. Many undead have also adapted to the plane, finding comfort in the negative energy. A nomadic host of ghouls and ghasts roam the plane, calling themselves the Flesh Renders. Citadel Cavitius, once home to the lich-god Vecna, may still host undead hordes. Another danger lies in the pockets of the Negative Energy Plane, which inflict damage as does that plane. 

      Sources:&nbsp;
    
            
                    Planescape Campaign Setting        
              
                    The Inner Planes        
              
                    Planescape Monstrous Compendium Appendix III