Boccob, Oerth's Uncaring Lord of Magic, makes his Realm in a sprawling citadel known as the Library of Lore. This massive complex sits atop a barren bluff in the Outlands. The only access to the library is by ascending a single great staircase guarded by an great elemental of each type. No one can reach the library without the permission of these elemental creatures, who answer only to Boccob. 
The walls themselves are proof against teleportation and astral meddling, and those who try find themselves at the base of the great stair. Within the walls of the library, spells that access other planes do not function. The library is a convoluted mazework of passages that cross beneath and occasionally through each other, leaving no mark of their passage but foiling the most diligent of mapmakers. Within this structure are private meditation cells for spellslingers, sealed armories of magic items, and both true and false libraries that contain much of the magical knowledge of the Multiverse.Those granted access to a true library (done with the approval of Boccob himself) can find the answer to any questions as if a commune spell were cast. One hour of research is required for each question answered. The Library of Lore contains a copy of every nonartifact magic item created by mortal hands. They are sealed beneath magical wards and traps, and golems and shield guardians patrol the halls. 
Boccob is a greater Power, and as such the effects of his realm can be felt far beyond the walls of his library. Within this area he can limit magic of many types at will. In addition, much magic is enhanced in Boccob's realm. Divinations cast within the domain are extended, and all spells within the Library of Lore itself may be cast without verbal utterances. He has the power to further modify the magic trait of his realm. 
Petitioners of Boccob appear human and have abilities typical to Outlandish petitioners. In addition, they have the ability to know the motivations of others and they often use this ability to determine whether a visitor deserves to receive the information desired. Petitioners are usually librarians, scribes, researchers, inventors, or guides.