Abrogard - The prime evil of Guldor; killed by Lolth
Amaunator - died of neglect; supposedly reborn as Lathander, there is many a theological debate about this, and no-one is yet sure about this claim
Andurias - nobility and war
Aoskar - god of portals, killed by the Lady of Pain
Apsu - First consort of Tiamat; killed by Ea.
Artha - Takhisis' daughter, slain by Takhisis
Astaroth - Abyssal lord killed by Gargauth
Azrai - dead god of evil
Badir - god of wind and rain, his worshippers slaughtered by Nolites
Basaia - reason
Beherit - Lord of the Sixth killed by the Lord of the Ninth. AKA Lucifer.
Bhaal - killed by Cyric
Borem of the Lake of Boiling Mud: Former god of anger
Brenna - commerce and fortune
Bright Nydra - portfolio claimed by Selune
Bwimb - Baron of Ooze killed by Tenebrous; replaced by his daughter
Camaxtli - Aztec god of fate. Killed by Tenebrous.
Dark God - a body in the Astral, dying, insensate, reborn at the end of all things. An aspect of Tharizdun.
Enki - Sumerian god killed by Anshar and Nergal of the Babylonians
Eshowdow: Former god of Chult. Slain by Shar.
Gilgeam - killed by Tiamat.
Ibrandul - killed and subsumed by Shar
Iyachtu Xvim - killed during the resurrection of Bane
Ka’jik’zxi - neogi god of creation
Kalzareinad - Evil dragon god of magic, portfolio inherited by Kereska.
Karsus - Attempted to absorb the divinity of Mystryl, but could not
handle it. Considered dead but still exists as a bleeding stone statue,
red stone butte, and heart.
Kecuala, the original mate of the lizardfolk deity Semuyana, who split
in half due to terminal overthinking (resulting in the modern
lizardfolk race, with its two distinct genders). Besides being a good
parable for the Transcendent League, Kecuala should count as a dead
god. Kecuala was detailed in Dragon #335.
Khin - Hypothetical name for titanic god whose spine became a yugoloth tower
Kiga - forgotten goddess of wereleopards
Kiputtyo - Finnish goddess killed by Talona
Kukul - Maztican god of creation, slain by Zaltec
Leira - Killed and subsumed by Cyric
Maanzecorian - killed by Tenebrous
Malyk - dead goddess of wild magic and rebellion
Masela - the sea
Migal - Mentor of the Gods, left behind winged assassins
Moander - killed by Finder
Murdane - god of reason, killed in the Dawn Cataclysm
Myrkhul - survives (in some sense) as the Crown of Horns
Mystra I - Killed by Helm. Replaced by Mystra II
Mystryl - destroyed by Karsus
One in the Void - 6-armed goddess upon which Tu'nar'ith is built; former patron of the gith forerunners? killed by Maanzecorian?
Othea - Wife of Annam, poisoned by overzealous son (the progenitor of titans).
Phoenix - god of planewalking, killed by jealous rivals
Primus - killed by Tenebrous. Replaced by a secundus. Probably killed on previous occasions with same result.
Raggara - winged crocodile-headed river goddess
Ranet - Suel goddess of fire, slain by Pyremius.
Re - killed by Gruumsh; portfolio claimed by Horus
Reynir - nature
Shajar - Raggara's hippo-headed mate
Siamorphe - There are many dead gods and goddesses named Siamorphe.
Siemath - killed by assassins of Migal
Sons of Maglubiyet - Two intermediate deities, killed by Maglubiyet
Sscharstrune - naga god of evil, killed by Shekinester
Ss'thansine'ss - serpent deity killed by Talona
Stratis - lost brother of Hextor and Heironeous, apparently killed by mortals
Takhisis - stripped of her divinity and killed by a mortal
Tchazzar - Untheric demigod of war, slain by Tiamat. Resurrected by Tiamat; currently her proxy.
Threphocris - Planar Handbook, page 165. God of crystals and positive energy? 
Tomeri - goddess of love and wisdom killed by Tenebrous
Tyche - broken into two halves (left no corpse)
Uranus - killed by Cronus, corpse buried in Carceri
Valigan Thirdborn: Former god of anarchy. Slain by Tyr.
Varae - destroyed by Merrshaulk
Vorel - First child of Io, killed by Tiamat in an attempt to frame Bahamut.
Vorynn - magic and arcane secrets
World Serpent: Former god of scalykind. Fragmented into the deities of the lizarfolk, naga, and yuan-ti.
Xolotl - slain by Quetzalcoatl
Ymir - killed by Odin, Vili, and Ve
Zandilar the Dancer - Yuir elven god, absorbed by Sharess</span> </p>