Dis is the second hell of Baator. It is both a Layer and a city of infinite expanse. The realm of Druaga, the Refuge of the Fallen, exists on the plains far outside the city walls.
Dis is largely flat, with a sky of smoky green occasionally lit up by lightning. Black, stagnant rivers criss-cross its plains. Monolithic spurs of blackened, unworked iron - natural formations, as much as anything in Baator is natural (and that ain't much) - thrust out of the plains, growing more frequent as a traveler approaches the Iron City itself.
Although the Iron City of Dis has a wall, the transition from plain to the city itself is imperceptible. One moment a traveler is passing an iron spur, the next the traveler is in the middle of the city with the mighty iron walls surrounding everything that can be seen. It is thus much easier to enter the Iron City than it is to leave it; to leave, one must pass through the heavily guarded city gates (at least, unless the traveler has means of crossing planes of existence).
The iron walls and streets of the city smoke with intense heat, burning those who touch them without protection. Abishai, Erinyes, spinagons, and lemures are common - so are soul+shells, Petitioners who retain their humanoid forms and memories, the better for Archduke Dispater to torment them. Bezekira, kocrachons, rakshasas, and hamatulas are also found thronging the streets of Dis.
The most prominent building in the Iron City is Dispater's tower of iron and lead, a skyscraping edifice that constantly changes shape. The streets, too, are constantly shifting, constantly being rebuilt by the tormented petitioners, confusing and sometimes choked with garbage. The enigmatic God Street, with its awful mysteries, is kept relatively clean by the gods who dwell in its undending temples.
Despite all this, Dis is the most populous and wealthy city in Baator, filled with planewalkers of all types who come to sample the city's terrifying delights. 

      Sources:&nbsp;
    
            
                    Planes of Law        
              
                    Fires of Dis        
              
                    Dragon Magazine #75        
              
                    Manual of the Planes (D&amp;D 3.0)        
              
                    Fiendish Codex II