In the Outlands, spireward of Xaos and Glorium, lies the Dwarven Mountain, a collection of subterranean realms for three dwarven powers, Vergadain, Dugmaren Brightmantle, and Dumathoin. The realms, or as the dwarves call them, halls, are filled with dwarven Petitioners. They are:
Strongale Hall is known far and wide for its gambling and drink. It is the realm of Vergadain, lord of wealth and luck, and the chant is that a Cutter can put anything on the cloth here, betting even things a Sod's not supposed to be able to part with, because there's major fortunes to be won. (But for those who lose there's always a way to collect that stake.) Drink is strong and poured freely, but it ain't free; petitioner or no, a dwarf's not going  to pass any chance to part a cutter from his Jink.
Soot Hall is crowded with workshops and libraries. It is the realm of Dugmaren Brightmantle, lord of dwarven invention and discovery. Soot Hall's name is literal, as the caverns are covered with chalkyblack soot from millennia of laboring. The noise here is continual, "24-hours-a-day" as the primes put it (except there's no day or night deep beneath the surface of the plane). Soot Hall's best products are finely crafted hammers and breastplates - many magical in nature - that often end up on the gaming tables of Vergadain's halls.
Deepshaft Hall plunges into the cold, dark depths of the earth. It is the realm of Dumathoin, master of mines and exploration. The air here is icy and stale with the smell of the dwarves who toil here - no treat for the average berk. It's "miner's air" and it's just the way the dwarves like it. Aside from its odor, Deepshaft's best known for the ores and gems that the petitioners coax from its rock. Most of this goes straight to Soot Hall, but some of it does make the trip to Ironridge, where it's traded for luxuries from the surface world. A basher'd better have good reason to come down here, because the tunnels of Deepshaft are almost as twisted as the Lady of Pain's Mazes. Strangers coming here had better spend some jink on a good guide if they ever want to see the surface again. Otherwise, they just might get lost in the tunnels and end up in the screaming caverns of Ilsensine's realm. 
Source: Planescape Campaign Setting