In his mortal life, Finder Wyvernspur was a bard and a founding member of the Harpers, a group of largely bards, druids, and rangers that defends Balance and opposes Evil. Seeking a way to carry on his songs and stories beyond his death without fear of their meaning becoming lost or corrupted, he and his assistants created a humanoid "vessel" to contain his bardic knowledge. The spells went awry, killing one of his assistants and maiming another (who subsequently created suicide). The other Harpers found him guilty of manslaughter due to overweening pride, and exiled him to the Citadel of White Exile, stripping him of his name and, worst of all, eliminating all his tales, songs, and stories from their records.
After many centuries, he was rescued by a sorceress on the condition that he help her make another vessel. With the aid of a lich, a powerful demon called Phalse, and the cult of Moander, they succeeded, creating a living construct of sorts called Alias. When Finder learned that they intended to sacrifice an innocent, he helped Alias escape. The other conspirators still intended to use her to bring back the god Moander, but they were ultimately thwarted.
Finder ultimately became a god after killing Moander (with a shard of Eternal ice), transforming Moander's portfolio of rot to a new one based on the cycle of life and artistic transformation, representing reinvention and change. He has formed friendships with Tymora and Selûne, and has become a patron of dinosaurlike humanoids called saurials. His enemies include Lolth, Sebek, Set, Tiamat, Talona, Yurtrus, and Gargauth. 
Finder's Realm in Arborea is called Fermata. His handful of petitioners spend their time creating works of art. He is a young god with few priests or worshippers. One of his priests is Joel the Rebel Bard. 

      Sources:&nbsp;
    
            
                    Hall of Heroes        
              
                    Faiths and Pantheons        
              
                    Powers &amp; Pantheons        
              
                    Tymora&#039;s Luck