The plane of Fire looks like a normal landscape with one major difference: Everything is cloaked in flame. The majority of the plane is a flaming ocean, but occasionally pockets of solid "land" float upon this. All things burn and scorch mercilessly. The air, too, will scorch and kill those without protection. Efreet are able to grant anyone they desire - mostly their slaves - temporary immunity to the land; otherwise, a traveler must use spells or magical devices to protect himself. The plane is broken up into tiny kingdoms and principalities, each led by a specific ruler who commands a wide variety of races who live together and cooperate. 
This plane has a definite "up" and "down," logically because flames leap upward, so movement on this plane is relatively normal.
The evil Archomental Imix has conquered the armies of his bastard son Zaaman Rul, and his power only grows. Kossuth is the ruler of the Fire elementals, though Imix has corrupted and poached many of his followers.
Natives include Fire minions, Fire weirds, Mephits, Harginn, Gen, fire+newts, Pyrophor, Helions, Plasms, fire+giants, drakes, Hell Hounds, Salamanders, and Flame spirits. Natives of Fire tend to live in mixed-race communities, tiny kingdoms and principalities.
Native fauna include the flameling, lava+worm, fire bat, Animental, firetail, Waiveras, Scape, and tshala.
Native plants include Salamander orchids; Ash willow; Ember root; qamh, a type of soft, spongy grass; habbat, a wild grain; verdobba, a nutty, dark purple tuber; and umbellin, a spicy brown bean. Serpent trees are a black, leafless plant that feeds on heat rather than light. Wild plants include ziwan, crimson rye, and sweet shiverrod. These plants are a thorny weed, a soporific, and a poison, respectively.
Other phenomena unique to the Plane of Fire include Cerulean magma, Ebony mote, Fyrite, hardfire, inferno+star, lambent+flames, and shadow+fire. 

      Sources:&nbsp;
    
            
                    The Inner Planes        
              
                    Planescape Monstrous Compendium Appendix III        
              
                    Secrets of the Lamp        
              
                    Dragon #347        
              
                    Planescape Campaign Setting