Frey (along with his sister, Freya, and his father Njord) is one of the Vanir sent to Asgard to guarantee peace between the Vanir and Aesir. He is a Norse Power of fertility, providing men with sunshine, rain, peace, joy, and happiness. Frey is also a patron of married couples, horses, and horsemen. His own wife is Gerda, goddess of agriculture and beauty. Like many male gods, he is a skilled warrior. 
He has a fabulous ship given to him by the dwarves, Skidbladnir. Resembling a cloud in appearance, this ship can carry all the gods at once, travel to any place in Ysgard instantaneously, and can be folded up to fit in Frey’s pocket when not in use. Frey has the power to bring sunshine or rain to any place on the Prime Material Plane, to make plants grow, to give any married couple conjugal bliss, and to command any horse on the Prime Material. In his true form, Frey resembles a handsome young man.
Although a capable fighter, Frey prefers the joys of peace and will always seek a nonviolent solution before resorting to combat. He is the patron of peaceful mortals, and will often send his avatar to aid those who have become imperiled through their efforts to maintain peace. Most of Frey’s temples have vast pastures of grazing horses nearby. To ride one of these horses is to offend the god. Omens from Frey usually take the form of rain and storms, but can also be delivered by horses.
He resides in Ysgard's first Layer, dividing his time between Vanaheim and Alfheim. In Vanaheim he wanders, sailing his ship Skidbladnir endlessly. In Alfheim he rules, though with a light hand.
In the Astromundi+Cluster, he is known as Munigur. 

      Sources:&nbsp;
    
            
                    Deities &amp; Demigods (First Edition)        
              
                    Deities &amp; Demigods (Third Edition)        
              
                    Dragon magazine #110        
              
                    Dragon magazine #283        
              
                    Gods, Demi-gods &amp; Heroes        
              
                    Legends &amp; Lore (Second Edition)        
              
                    On Hallowed Ground        
              
                    Warriors of Heaven