Githzerai (GIT-sir-eye) are the long-seperated cousins of the Githyanki. They are psionic humanoids, tall and gaunt with pale, yellowish skin and pointed ears. They commonly shave their heads and dress in plain, unadorned robes. They eschew elaborate decorations and material goods.
They normally shave their heads except for a single strand or topknot, which ranges from red to black. Males sometimes sport facial hair. Their eyes are catlike, and range from yellow to gray or pitch black. 
Githzerai dress in simple robes with no jewelry or decoration. This may be in part a reaction against the flamboyant and ostentatious githzerai, who cover themselves in jewelry, bright silks, and extravagantly decorated armor. Not the githzerai - they believe in practicality, and shun garish displays. Githzerai show little emotion - neither laughter nor rage cracks their stoic facades. Within, though, they are creatures of great passion.
Githzerai (and githyanki) age at half the human rate.
Githzerai are a paradox, at once beings of great discipline and determination and just as dedicated to freedom and individuality. They're quiet and reserved, but they burn with a passion that drives them beyond what most mortals are capable of. Their chaotic ideals keep them fully anchored in their home plane of Limbo, but their rigorous dedication makes them seem almost lawful in some respects. They place great emphasis on the concept of knowing, which to them means being aware of the true nature of themselves and the beings and objects they encounter and not betraying that nature. It is through knowing that they shape the untamed chaos of their plane into inhabitable cities and buildings.
The immortal Wizard-King (or so-called God-King) Zaerith Menyar Ag-Gith is defacto ruler over the githzerai race, though in reality his rule does not extend far beyond the major githzerai cities. The many fortresses and monasteries that dot the wild chaos beyond the cities are mostly independent of Zaerith's control. Most githzerai honor Zaerith as a proud defender of freedom, without whom they might all be slaves to the illithids or annihilated by the hated Githyanki. However, their true reverence is reserved for the many heroes who dominate their past and inspire the many obscure metaphors that pepper their language. Foremost among these heroes is Zerthimon, the hero who died in order that they might be free from Gith, the woman who brought down the ancient illithid empire. The Zerth are a quasi-religious order dedicated to preserving Zerthimon's teachings. 

      Sources:&nbsp;
    
            
                    Planescape Monstrous Compendium, Volume I        
              
                    Planewalker&#039;s Handbook        
              
                    Planescape: Torment