Gruumsh is chief of the Orcish Pantheon, also known as Gruumsh One-Eye after Corelleon took out an eye in a fight thousands of years ago. He is a cruel and evil god. He searches the cosmos for his lost eye, which unbeknowst to him is in the hands of the goddess Hecate.
His followers abhor elves due to their progenitor's attack, and most will attack an elf on sight. The most devout will pluck out one of their own eyes as homage to their god.
Gruumsh's Realm, Nishrek, can currently be found in Avalas near Clangor, the realm of the Goblin Pantheon. His followers have been forced to flee Baator, and some say Gehenna before that, and it is Acheron where they will make their final stand. He commands a mighty army of spirit-orcs that are eternally at war with the goblinoids of Clangor. Nishrek is scored with four great trenches in which the orcish Petitioners dwell. Their continually growing towns are made of whatever materials they find available - ruined helmets, goblin bones and armor, and beams from siege machinery. Ghouls and worse lurk in the darker lower passages of the trenches, ready to devour orcs who venture out alone. The higher ranks of armies have their own quarters. In each city, the four quarters all surround the central eye and pyramid of Gruumsh's temple. 
Gruumsh watches over the battles of the plane from his Iron Fortress. Ilneval and Bahgtru dwell within the fortress as well. The two deities fight beside Gruumsh or do his bidding. 

      Sources:&nbsp;
    
            
                    Complete Divine        
              
                    Defenders of the Faith        
              
                    Deities &amp; Demigods        
              
                    Dragon magazine #283        
              
                    Faiths &amp; Pantheons        
              
                    Monster Mythology        
              
                    On Hallowed Ground        
              
                    Player&#039;s Handbook        
              
                    Planes of Law        
              
                    Player&#039;s Guide to Faerun