Four single-sphere powers of wealth have joined forces and established a common Realm in the Outlands: the Marketplace Eternal. The shared realm is home to Shinare (Intermediate Power of Krynn; N), Sera (Intermediate goddess of Cerilia; CN), Waukeen (Lesser goddess of Toril; N), and Zilchus (Intermediate god of Oerth; LN). Together, the four deities have a much larger and secure realm than any of them could maintain alone. 
The Outlands, after all, are thought by many to be the center of the Outer Planes (which, strictly speaking, have no center). That means most merchants and planewalkers find the Marketplace Eternal an easy place to stop by on their treks around the Great Ring. The realm's even competing with Tradegate to become the premier spot for commerce on the Outlands. 
See, the Marketplace is nothing less than a vast, sprawling bazaar. It stretches for miles in every direction, with tents and stalls making inpromptu roadways through the realm. There's no rhyme nor reason to any of it, and little permanency, for the merchants set up in different locations every day, dividing themselves only by general specialty, and not always even that. gambling halls, drinking tents, and hucksters of all varieties mix here indiscriminately; some say that the bazaar tops even that of Sigil. The only permanent buildings are temples to the four gods of the Marketplace Eternal, those which house well-known permanent portals, wealthy sleeping kips, and cleared areas for spelljammers and other flying craft to land. Occasionally a walking castle of some wizard sets down in the bazaar, but these tend to move on after a couple of days. The Marketplace Eternal's a place of splendour, but it's also very, very confusing to newcomers. 
Part of the reason is that the Marketplace Eternal is actually divided into four seperate quarters, one for each of the ruling powers. Waukeen's quarter is called the House of Barter, Shinare's is named the Scales of Wealth, Zilchus' quarter is the Seat of Luxury, and Sera's quarter is the Seat of Resolve. Sera's quarter lies Spireward, whilst Shinare's is closer to Xaos, the gate-town to Limbo (the plane where her consort Sirrion dwells). The other two quarters lie between these. 
The House of Barter is devoted to commercial enterprise. Its streets are packed, day and night, with buyers and sellers in a clamorous throng. Commerce is an intoxicating pleasure in its own right, at least in Waukeen's realm.
In the Seat of Resolve, Sera's faithful continue the fondest pursuits of their lives eternally. Craftsmen work alongside the great masters that have come before them and have access to the finest materials to create works of profound craftsmanship. Traders and merchants barter for their goods for the simple prestige of besting their opponents and sharpening their skill. It is said that the most skillful are asked to dice against Sera herself, and that those who best her are allowed to "cast the dice of their lives again" – reincarnated to perform some great task in her service.
Additional Resources:
...unless infinity
Birthright Campaign Setting 

      Sources:&nbsp;
    
            
                    On Hallowed Ground