The cool wind that blows over the smooth, perfect, empty streets of The Lady's Ward is broken by the gigantic, tidal crowds of the Market Ward. A great cacophony of merchants shouting the value and rarity of their wares, street performers dancing nonsensically about, and police patrols standing uneasily at the edge of the crowd, just within The Lady's Ward, are common. The wooden bowls of said performers pass constantly from hand to hand, sometimes full of coins, usually not. The white tents, stands, carts, warehouses, carpets, and all manner of other places from which things to be bought could be displayed take up all of the space the ward has to offer, that isn't already occupied by one of the millions of cutters looking to buy said wares everyday.
The Market Ward's streets are alive with people day and night - as some of it's shops are open at any hour of the dismal Sigilian day. The air in the ward is particularly thin, and dust hangs perpetually in the air, as it never has much of a chance to settle under the constantly trampling herds of feet.
The Market Ward is the smallest - though most densely populated - of Sigil's six wards, and hasn't much to see along the lines of factional buildings, or anything unrelated to Sigil's economy. Its lack of factional buildings doesn't mean it lacks factions, though. See, the Market Ward is home to one of Sigil's three unrepresented Factions, the Indeps - a loosely connected web of free thinkers. The Indeps run quite a bit of the ward's business, especially in the ward's famed Great Bazaar, and keep the place a haven for the city's free thinkers and factionally independent cutters. 
Places of note and interest in the Market Ward include it's various eateries, which cater to tastes from all over the planes - namely Chirper's, a lovely little building featuring exhibits of exotic birds and animals from all over the multiverse. Famed advertiser Harys Hatchis, who 'could sell a megaphone to a Dabus' calls a small building on the edge of the ward kip, though he isn't often in. While he is rather elusive, his barmy advertisements can be seen winging, crawling, exploding, and shouting themselves out all across the Cage. 

      Sources:&nbsp;
    
            
                    In the Cage: A Guide to Sigil        
              
                    Faction War