British
author Michael Moorcock created a race of magicians on the isle
of
Melniboné who grew strong and then waned weak with the passing
of eons.
The stories revolve around the last king of the isle, Elric, an albino.
This
being is forced to leave his home and his adventures present the reader
with
an amazing number of deities, monsters, and heroic beings of many
different
planes.
    The gods of this mythos are
different from others in that they occupy many
planes of existence at the same time in thousands of different bodies. Every avatar is connected in
some
way and the deities are aware of all of them simultaneously. The
deities are
constantly trying to gain control of one plane or another for the
forces of
Law or Chaos.
&nbsp; Aside from Arioch, Pyaray, and Xiombarg, there are
other gods of Chaos mentioned, but these are
not dealt with in detail in the stories. Those wishing to have those
gods in
their game must specify their powers. Among those mentioned are:
Haborym,
Balan, Maluk, Stortor the Old, Baloan, Marthim, Aesma, Alastor, Soebas,
Verdelet, Mizilfkm, Balo the Jester, and Checkalakh of the Flame Body.
    The gods of chaos use a
symbol of eight red arrows radiating from a small
circle. The law faction uses a single amber-colored arrow pointing
upward.  

    The lawful gods are
described even less than the chaotic ones, with
Donblas the Justice Maker the only one mentioned. They all appear (on
the
Prime Material Plane) as slim, perfectly formed humans dressed in
beautiful
silks and wearing feather-like armor, using slender weapons of
incredible
power in battle.
&nbsp;Master Types: Every animal has a ruler which is the most
perfect
specimen of its type. They are all dangerous if dealt with from a
position of
weakness. It seems that every species is aware of the need for some
sort of
deity; therefore in the cases of dogs (for example), all dogs worship
their
own image, which in turn becomes Roofdrak, "Master of all Dogs". See also Animal Lords.
    Elementals: The elemental planes have four rulers. The D&amp;D Elemental+Rulers are based on them.
    Dead Gods: These beings with godly attributes ruled all before the time of the gods of Chaos and Law. Now they are exiled (but not truly dead) and will not willingly come near the new gods or their servants.

GODS OF CHAOS

Arioch, the Knight of Swords (Greater god, Chaotic Evil)
Pyaray, Whisperer of Impossible Secrets (Lesser god, Chaotic Evil)
Xiombarg, the Queen of Swords (Greater god, Chaotic Evil)


GODS OF LAW

Donblas the Justice Maker (Greater god, Lawful Good)

MASTER TYPES

Fileet, Lady of the Birds (Demigoddess, Chaotic Neutral)

Haaashastaak, Master of All Lizardkind (Demigod, Neutral)
Meerclar, Mistress of Catkind (Demigoddess, Chaotic Neutral)
Nnuuurrrr'c'c, Master of the Insect Swarm, King with Wings (Demigod, Neutral)
Nuru-ah, Master of Cattle (Demigod, Neutral)
Roofdrak, Master of all Dogs (Demigod, Neutral)&nbsp;


ELEMENTALS

Grome, Lord of the Earth, King of the Land Below the Roots (Lesser deity, Neutral)
Kakatal, the Fire Lord (lesser deity, Chaotic Neutral)
Misha, Lord of the Giants, Lord of the Air Elementals (lesser deity, Neutral)
Straasha, Lord of All Water Elementals (lesser deity, Neutral)


DEAD GODS

Darnizhaan, God of the Earth (Lesser deity, Neutral Evil)


Source: Deities &amp; Demigods, 1st edition

</font>