This is the Geode, the treasure trove of the Multiverse, the goal of every Dwarf who ever learned how to cross the planes. It's the plane of Mineral. There's iron, diamonds, rubies, sapphires, silver, gold, and more, all pressed up in veins that wrap around each other. All a blood's got to do is go get it.
Don't be a leatherheaded Berk! It's not that easy. Getting there's only the start of the problem. Then a sod's got to find a way to move through this crystal world, a world filled with razor edges sharper than a vorpal blade. Even after that, there's things out there that don't want a cross-trading rogue to make off with their Kip. There's more on the plane than just riches, too. At the very edge of the Positive+Energy+Plane stands the Tower of Lead. Here, it's said, is the greatest forge in all the multiverse. Mostly the place is empty, but sometimes a master craftsman risks all to do his work here.
Special Physical Conditions. This plane uses the same rules for movement, direction, and survival as the plane+of+Earth. However, it's even more dangerous because all the passages are lined by sharp crystals. These inflict 1d4 points of damage in every round spent moving. Each point of magical AC protection reduces the damage per round by 1 (1d3, 1d2, and 1 [minimum]). Conjuration/summoning spells reach the planes of Earth, Ooze, Magma, Radiance, Steam, and the Positive+Energy. Otherwise, magic is affected as on the plane of Earth. 
Natives and Hazards. Many creatures, such as Dao, Pech, kharga, Xaren, Xorn, and thoqqua, from the Plane+of+Earth slip through the border and arrive in this plane. Dwarf miners naturally love this place, but stay clear of the mineral quasielementals. Mephits, Tsnng, and crysmals call this plane home. These creatures all consider themselves guardians of the treasures here. Fossilization is the greatest risk - once per day travelers must successfully save vs. petrifaction or be turned to stone (or possibly precious gems). 

      Sources:&nbsp;
    
            
                    Dragon Magazine #174        
              
                    Planescape Campaign Setting        
              
                    Planescape Monstrous Compendium Appendix III        
              
                    The Inner Planes