Oghma, whose epithet, Grianainech, means “of the sun-like countenance,” is the celtic Power of eloquence and language. His speeches and words carry great weight with his listeners, and he is often depicted as having gold chains between his tongue and the ears of his listeners; Celts have great respect for the powers of persuasive speech that Oghma personifies. He has the power to communicate his ideas accurately and quickly, swaying any number who hear him to his cause. Oghma invented a beautiful script which can be easily carved into stone or wood, especially at places devoted to his worship. Oghma is also known to be a champion, both as a warrior and as a patron of ideas.
Oghma enjoys visiting and speaking to his flock in the form of his avatar. He strengthens their collective resolve to worship him, and teaches his priests the arts of his lettering and persuasiveness. Oghma seeks justice and will occasionally go out of his way to see that it is done. He will champion small causes at times, even those that affect but one village with only a few worshippers, if an injustice is brought to his attention.
He resides in Tir na Og in the Outlands, in a realm called the House of Knowledge. Despite its name, the realm is an outdoor land of ancient oaks and clear blue pools. There are three magical springs scattered throughout Oghma's domain: the Spring of Knowledge, the Pool of Music, and the Spring of Poetry. He also keeps a prison for extraplanar trouble-makers, usually devils and demons.
There is an abandoned temple to Oghma in Plague-Mort. He is also worshipped in the Forgotten Realms. 

      Sources:&nbsp;
    
            
                    Deities &amp; Demigods        
              
                    Dragon magazine #283        
              
                    Dragon magazine #54        
              
                    Dragon magazine #65        
              
                    Faiths &amp; Avatars        
              
                    Faiths &amp; Pantheons        
              
                    Forgotten Realms Adventures        
              
                    Forgotten Realms Campaign Setting        
              
                    Gods, Demi-Gods &amp; Heroes        
              
                    Legends &amp; Lore        
              
                    On Hallowed Ground        
              
                    Warriors of Heaven        
              
                    Manual of the Planes        
              
                    A Player&#039;s Primer to the Outlands        
              
                    Player&#039;s Guide to Faerun