Dates approximate, based on The Factol's Manifesto, A Guide to the Astral Plane, In the Cage: A Guide to Sigil, Epic Level Handbook and elsewhere.
Hashkar -9874: Shekelor dies. 
Hashkar -865: Vlaakith CLVII is crowned queen of the githyanki.
Hashkar -857: Fraternity of Order officially becomes a faction. The Transcendent Order impulsively follows soon after.
Hashkar -774: Rillith founds her Collector's Society.
Hashkar -770: Rillith's Society moves to philosophical concerns, becoming the Sign of One. The Transcendent Order attempts to destroy it, but the plan backfires. 
Hashkar -749: Athar formed by Dunn and Ciro.
Hashkar -744: Perrine forms a philosophical society, the precursor to the Believers of the Source.
Hashkar -665: An increasingly paranoid Vlaakith CLVII becomes a lich, as her predecessor had before her.
Hashkar -581: Society of Sensation formed, initially as a social club. Within twenty-five years they're one of the most popular factions, though without a factol.
Hashkar -500: The Great Upheaval. The Mercykillers form from the Sons of Mercy and Sodkiller factions. The Doomguard becomes an official faction, and becomes Sigil's official city guard. 
Hashkar -374: Knights of Harmony found the Harmonium in Ortho.
Hashkar -167: Factol Molluus founds the Destroyer fraction of the Doomguard.
Hashkar -67: Harmonium sets up shop in Sigil and wars with the Doomguard. At the end, the Harmonium are the city guard and the Doomguard in charge of the Armory.
Hashkar -66: The Fated seizes control of Bigby's College in Sigil, citing overdue taxes. 
Hashkar 56: The mercane cartel known as the Union opens a planar metropolis to the public.
Hashkar 77: Omar becomes factol of the Harmonium.
Hashkar 112: Lolth invades the world of Oerth.
Hashkar 115: Guide to the World of Greyhawk completed.
Hashkar 117: Zuggtmoy is released from her prison in the world of Oerth.
Hashkar 120: The chaos lord Wartle is exiled from Limbo. Also this year, Orcus' wand is stolen by adventurers from Toril. 
Hashkar 123-124: The Doomguard and Tanar'ri begin work on the Ships of Chaos.
Hashkar 127: Planar travelers finally penetrate the Shadow World, enter the world of Aebrynis, and manage to make their way back to report their discovery to the Fraternity of Order. Also this year, the focrux is destroyed in Harbinger House. A'kin writes the Factol's Manifesto.
Hashkar 129: The Great Modron March mysteriously comes early. Later this year, gods begin dying. A mysterious assailant able to kill with a word is blamed.
Hashkar 130: Illithids begin dimming suns across hundreds of worlds in an attempt to create an Overmind. In the month of Tithing this year, a plague called the Iron Shadow devastates several prominent planar communities. In the month of the Pivot, the lich Acererak attempts to become one with the Negative Energy Plane. In the month of Nihilum, a war erupts between Sigil's factions. Not a good year for sunshine and light. On the positive side, the goddess Waukeen is also freed in the month of Tithing from her imprisonment by Graz'zt. In Sacriligion of this year, the plane-crossing ship Demonwing is stolen. 
Lady's Edict 2: In Regula of this year, a githyanki knight declares herself Gith reincarnate. An entire Prime world is destroyed by something called the Apocalypse Stone and Moloch, exiled Lord of the Sixth, disappears in the month of Retributus of this year. In the month of the Pivot, the lich Vecna escapes from the Demiplane of Dread and temporarily sheds his divinity to enter Sigil; he causes a commotion by uttering the True Words.
Lady's Edict 3: In the month of Catechism, the goddess Kiaransalee flees Thanatos for the world of Guldor as the formally-dead god Orcus resurfaces.
Lady's Edict 4: In the month of Accordant, a presence invades the Positive+Energy+Plane and begins devouring unborn souls. In the Pivot of this year the Codex of the Infinite Planes is recovered from Kerleth's Tower in the Elemental Plane of Fire. In Nihilum of this year, the demon queen Lolth mysteriously stops answering the prayers of her faithful.
Lady's Edict 5: In the month of the Pivot the githyanki Lich-Queen Vlaakith is reported dead after an aborted invasion of the world of Pharagos, though officials from Tu'narath are quick to deny this. 
Lady's Edict 7: Arguments rage over the age of the illithid empire as radical Doomguard scholars claim to have evidence it actually existed in the far future. In Tithing of this year, Lolth emerges from her silence as a greater goddess. In Decadre of this year, certain exiled factions vow to return to the City of Doors.
Lady's Edict 8: Regulus is penetrated, confirming the continued existence of modrons despite certain doomsayers' predictions. An unconventional conjurer manages to summon up a vestige of the being Tenebrous, confusing those who thought it had been resurrected as Orcus.