It's one of the multiversal rules that whenever there is someone in charge, there's someone who wants to be in that position. Equally, there are those that would change those in power and replace the systems of government with new ones more adequately suited to someone's goals, be they the goals of some power, the goals of the people, or the goals of some would-be tyrant. At the most visible center of the multiverse, the City of Doors, things are no different. The Revolutionary League, called by many the "Anarchists," (not to be confused with the Anarchs of Limbo) are a group of disgruntled revolutionaries with dreams of seeing the City of Doors burn to the ground so that they can start all over again.
Well, that's not completely true. See, only the most visible Anarchists are like that... and you almost never see the Anarchists. Such notorious cells as the Cadre and the Order of the Bloody Hand are known throughout the city for their acts of terrorism and murder against the Harmonium and other symbolos of authority. They act on their own with full knowledge that if captured they fade an almost immediate death sentence at the hands of the Triad of Law. However, that's the whole point of being an Anarchist, a member of the Revolutionary League: your very nature is Illegal. If you are found out... well, then, you're pretty much guaranteed a death at the hands of the Mercykillers. The more "peaceful" Anarchists quietly deliver propaganda or sell disquieting secrets to the highest bidder, hoping to get the factions to annihilate themselves.
The ultimate goal of the Revolutionary League is unknown. Each member of the league is a member of a specific cell of four or five members, and only the leader of the cell has contact with other at most two or three other cells of the Revolutionary League. These cells are completely independant of one another, although a few share common goals among themselves. However, the very nature of the Revolutionary League is one beset by turmoil and inner strife. They just can't seem to get along, can't seem to agree, can't seem to focus. If they did focus on one faction or another, they'd probably be able to begin to topple them, one at a time. But they can't work like that. Cloak, dagger, independant strikes, by themselves, relying only on themselves, knowing full well the rewards for failure. They are the Anarchists.
After the Faction War, many members of the Revolutionary League declared Sigil a job well done and moved on to Carceri to liberate the prisoners there from the Bastion of Last Hope. Others moved back to the City of Doors, ready to depose the new government as well.
Additional Resources
Anarchist NPC's 

      Sources:&nbsp;
    
            
                    The Factol&#039;s Manifesto        
              
                    Faction War