Shu, also known as “the upholder", is the Egyptian Pantheon's Power of the atmosphere. He is charged with holding up the sky and, thus, keeping Nut and Geb separated. Shu (and his wife Tefnut) were Ra’s first children and he has great affection for them both. He is the cousin of Seker.
Shu, also known as “the upholder", is the Egyptian Pantheon's Power of the atmosphere. He is charged with holding up the sky and, thus, keeping Nut and Geb separated. Shu (and his wife Tefnut) were Ra’s first children and he has great affection for them both. He is the cousin of Seker.
As one might expect, Shu has complete control over the air and all things associated with it. Shu can control any creature from the Elemental Plane of Air and can summon many air+elementals to serve him at any time. Shu can also negate any magic that deals with air or the atmosphere at will.
In his true form, Shu looks like a normal, if divinely handsome man with a light blue tint to his skin. He eyes carry the gleam of summer lightning in them and his smile the warmth of a spring sunset. He is constantly surrounded by a swirl of wind. He can control the velocity of these winds, which may range from gentle breezes to tornado force cyclones.
Shu's realm on the Elemental Plane of Air is called Desert Wind. It is warmer than the surrounding Plane, glittering with gold and smelling of cinnamon and sand. Shu's lawful, neutral and chaotic Petitioners take the form of beams of warm light, golden motes of dust, and warm, caressing winds, respectively. 

      Sources:&nbsp;
    
            
                    Deities &amp; Demigods (First Edition)        
              
                    Dragon magazine #283 - &quot;Do-It-Yourself Deities&quot;        
              
                    Gods, Demi-Gods &amp; Heroes        
              
                    Legends &amp; Lore (Second Edition)        
              
                    On Hallowed Ground        
              
                    Warriors of Heaven        
              
                    The Inner Planes