This is a large book a heavy, blank wooden cover. The first page has the title and a table of contents listing each of the 17 known Outer Planes. The indicated page is blank a quarter of the time, but three quarters of the time the page has a picture of a magical device along with a price. If the Jink is laid on the page, it goes blank, the device appears, and the book teleports elsewhere.
The device is a magic item that enables transport to and from the chosen Outer Plane. The item associated with Mechanus looks like a small pocket watch. The item associated with Arcadia looks like a six-sided silver cage with a four-sided silver pyramid-shaped cage inside, and a silver disk inside that. The item associated with Mount Celestia is a glowing golden sphere. The item associated with Bytopia is a silver cube with nearly invisible buttons; if the buttons are pressed in the correct order, the cube splits in half and the user is transported to Dothion.
The item associated with Elysium is a primitive boat made of stretched hide. Anyone who speaks the word "Elysium" is transported to the River Oceanus in Amoria. The item associated with the Beastlands is a golden leaf. The item associated with Arborea is a silver chariot. The item associated with Ysgard is a prism that creates a rainbow bridge similar to Bifrost. The item assocaited with Limbo is a magic mirror whose reflection is a chaotic maelstrom. The mirror doesn't bring you back where you came from, unlike many of the other items. The item associated with Pandemonium is a jar perpetually filled with black pitch, which must be spread on a stone wall to create a Portal to Pandesmos. The item associated with the Abyss is a circular black cloth that looks like a Portable hole. It brings you to the Plane+of+Infinite+Portals, but like Limbo's mirror, it doesn't bring you back.
The item associated with Carceri is a necklace of dull, reddish pearls. The item associated with the Gray Waste is an iron keelboat that brings you to the River Styx in Oinos. The item associated with Gehenna is an urn of silver and bronze, which must be used to fill a small, enclosed room with choking smoke before the portal will open. Baator's device is a piece of blood-red coal, which must be dropped into a flame. Acheron's device is a black onyx puzzle which must be assembled into a cube.
The device associated with the Outlands is unknown. Perhaps nobody's ever found a copy of the Catalogue with one that hasn't already been bought.
Source: 2nd edition AD&amp;D Tome of Magic, page 146